Entertainment is unquestionably the most dynamic industry of the twenty-first century. Our inherent desire to be entertained, coupled with the evolution of technology since the turn of the century, has resulted in phenomenal advancements for the industry. It is therefore no surprise that the entertainment sector generates trillions of dollars annually.

Over the past couple of years, gaming has risen from a place of obscurity to gain mainstream recognition within the entertainment segment, generating an annual global revenue of $135 billion. Now, we see individuals being rewarded for the time they invest in doing what they love; gaming, particularly in a competitive environment. This has been facilitated by the rise of social media platforms like Twitch and YouTube; consequently, spectatorship in gaming is on the rise. The evolution of gaming from a stereotypically “geeky” form of entertainment, to something to be enjoyed by the masses, on a wide scale will soon see gaming engulf a considerable portion of the entertainment industry. Gaming is the future of entertainment.

# Esports Overview

Electronic Sports, or esports is competitive gaming, typically involving spectators. The variety of esports titles available within different genres, as well as the exhilarating nature of competitions ensures esports attracts a diverse demographic. With esports propelling itself into mainstream acclamation, it now generates millions through revenue and spectatorship, growing rapidly each year.

Like traditional sports, esport players can generate an income through contracts and sponsorship deals they are offered. Alongside Basketball, Football, and Hockey, esports is now considered as a truly global sport, allowing anyone to participate. An influx of new investors, players, teams, and tournaments has resulted in esports developing at a rapid rate! Yet despite this growth, the esports scene tends to predominantly cater to professional gamers, leaving the landscape fragmented, with grassroots gamers, the main consumers, an afterthought.

# Blockchain Application in Esports

Blockchain technology will undoubtedly revolutionise the ways in which we interact and exchange value across various established and future industries. Over the last few years, applications powered by blockchain technology have made remarkable progress for mainstream attention. Cryptocurrencies, the most popular application of blockchain technology, has also shifted from obscure scepticism to a disruptive alternative form of storing, managing and transferring anything of value.

Esports is primed for the introduction of blockchain, smart contracts and tokenisation. Possible applications of these innovative technologies include player contracts, sponsorships, statistics or even tournament prize pools. Smart contracts can be put in place to ensure players are paid for their services, without having to acquire third party services for interactions/transactions one would in present times. They are agreements that are programmed to be automatically enforced and executed. The contracts, which will be stored blocks of information are secured, immutable and readily available, executed when predetermined conditions are met. Of course, this will be more applicable to smaller decentralised tournaments and specific use cases.

# Intergalactic Gaming

Inspired by traditional sports, our plan is to fundamentally improve accessibility and monetisation across the esports landscape by the development of a multifaceted platform. Our mission is to digitalise and tokenise the competitive gaming landscape. Through our vision, we will aim to nourish gaming from the grassroots level and connect the fragmented esports landscape so that all benefit from the revenue generated by esports.

Intergalactic Gaming grew from a passion for gaming, spending hours on end, but with very little return; this is the case for many gamers and IG’s mission is to challenge and disrupt the status quo.

[Website](https://www.iggalaxy.com)

[Twitter](https://twitter.com/IG_Galaxy)

[Telegram](https://t.me/IGG_Official)
